When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
This sounds useful when working from different computers or
collaborating with others, or to showcase a project online
or simply to have a safe backup.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
I may be working on a slightly different version of the code compared to what's in the
remote, and in any case automatic updates could create chaos if there are many
contributors and commits coming in.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
Cloning copies a repository, forking does the same, but works only on GitHub and also
mentions the original repository. Branches are different strings of commits within one
repository.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
It is good to have one's own copy of the last version of the remote to build on and 
maybe branch out from, as it would allow to have all the recent approved commits.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
Collaborating without version control would be hell of course, even on my own it can become
a challenge once a project gets a little complicated. Of course, if we do everything manually
there will be no need for 'conflict resolution', but the amount of effort it will consume defeats
the purpose. Having GitHub as a centralized place where all the branches and commits are easily
visible and can be discussed makes it a must have I think.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
Working only in master is probable easier when expanding an already established piece of code,
where conflicts and bugs are not likely to arise. As soon as something new is introduced or the
original model changes in any way doing that in a separate branch is definitely a goos idea.